{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14380\viewh13460\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Jordan Scandlyn\
Asian-American Studies\
Final Project Reflection\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 Ethnic Enclaves\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 	Our group, Jasmine, David and I chose to share different fusion and authentic dishes that have sprung up in the Bay Area. Part of why we chose food is to validate how much it plays into Asian culture and how it has transformed over time. When we think about most ideas, music, iPhones, food\'85 they are all influenced by other genres, Androids, or different cultures. We also studied how Asian food in the Bay Area used to be thought of as dirty(Jennifer Lee, TedTalk). Overtime, Chinese restaurants and other Asian restaurants had to find a way to break this stereotype by adding different ingredients to their dishes. By doing so this made caucasians more confident in the meal they were receiving since they were more accustomed to certain types of foods. Sometimes mixes of food stemmed from two different cultures such as Chinese and Thai. Using coconut, pineapple and more tropical ingredients, Chinese restaurants will mix these different flavors and foods together. Another dish, beed & broccoli is not an original Chinese dish. Broccoli is an Italian vegetable. This became a delicacy in America but not a well known dish in China. It's important to understand the correlation of how much Chinese dishes have grown in America. They have became their own identity of food such as Chop Suey. It took roughly 30 years to find out that Chop Suey was not a dish in China.\
	This proves that Chinese dishes here are although fusion, are a representation of what America can do for culture. Different cultural foods have broken down barriers to let in others ingredients to create new kinds of dishes that were not even developed in China.\
	When the Chinese first came to America, the New York Times made a insensitive joke "Do the Chinese eat rats?"(7:55). An unfair assessment of people that were new to the land. But this defined a lot of the animosity that went on when Asians immigrated to America. Lee points out that American's felt that if you were not eating the same dishes as us, then you weren't one of us. This called for fusion dishes to make a charge in changing the generalization. Men believed that if Asian men would eat rice and not meat that the standard of living would go down and therefore are not welcome(8:30). These hardships are part of what made it so difficult to have a normal life in America after moving here for most Asian people. It is why these Ethnic Enclaves have remained predominately Asian. Caucasian men were harsh and forced these Asian communities to fight for their lives more than they should have. By creating these communities to rely on, Chinese immigrants found a safe ground where no racism and discrimination would occur. Ultimately this has led to the unique and incredible Chinatown(pbs, Chinatown History). Little Tokyo and China Town are good representations of these communities that protect Asian culture. \
	Figuring out our project was a little difficult after we got the idea. Jasmine is creative and came up with the concept and David was very good at talking through different ways to execute our project. We all did research to know about our foods and how American culture has impacted Asian culture and vice versa. We were inspired on the idea of identity. What makes fusion food so unique is that these dishes we expect to be common in China or Japan aren't. And we as American's are lucky Asians immigrated to America to help develop the rich culture we have today. I felt our team did a great job working together. We were all in communication about things that needed to get done and if we ran into any hiccups. I spent a decent amount of money on the food and I was happy to do so(I felt it would be a nice treat for our class during finals). I would give both of my teammates A's on this project. They really showed they cared and did research about the food. Jasmine also prepared the musubi and David bought the fortune cookies. I brought the photos of food to add some more visual representation. Overall I really enjoyed this project, especially getting to see all of the other students presentations! Thank you!\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 Works Cited\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "The Story of Chinatown." 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 PBS
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . PBS, n.d. Web. 16 Dec. 2015.\
Lee, Jennifer. "The Hunt for General Tso." 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Ted
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 . TedTalks, July 2008. Web. 16 Dec. 2015.}